What? A Northern…
A Northern spy?
I told you, didn't I?
That you shouldn't let
such a pretty, young girl
beside your husband.
Goodness. She must've done everything
to get on his good side,
so they must be quite intimate.
Quite intimate?
What--
Ms. Kim.
Honey!
Why did you leave the door wide open?
What if someone comes
and steals away my precious little fox?
You bastards! What are you doing here?
Are you crazy?
Show him.
The dorm telephone operator tipped me off
that Kang Cheong-ya
is a Northern spy.
What?
Kang Cheong-ya's real name is
Kanemoto Riko.
The fact that
she's a Korean-Japanese would be
enough for me to make her a Northern spy.
But she so kindly left us
plenty of evidence.
Chief An, there must be
some kind of misunderstanding.
She and I are nothing
but a doctor and a patient.
We're not what you think--
Guys, why do you think
Mr. Nam has kept it from us
that Kang got out of the dorm?
Number one, because the pretty spy
persuaded him to join her side.
Number two,
because the pretty spy
sexually convinced him.
Number three,
because he is
in love with the pretty spy.
You bastard.
How dare you treat me like this?
I'm Nam Tae-il!
I'm Nam Tae-il,
the President's right-hand man!
Arrest him.
How dare you touch my body, you bastards!
Let go of me!
Do you have a death wish?
Should I do it like you'd do it?
How about I shoot you to death right here
and frame the Northern spy
Kang Cheong-ya for it?
Just like you did to Eun Chang-su.
I had no other choice
since it happened so fast.
I think she ran away.
I searched everywhere,
but I can't find her.
All right.
You helped a Northern spy, so your father
won't be able to help you this time.
Go hide somewhere.
Be safe. Over and out.
Hey.
You must be hungry.
Eat this. Come on.
What are you doing? Put that away.
I'm not hungry at all.
So you have this.
Come on.
My dear son…
My little puppy.
Come on. Eat this.
Open up.
Come on.